docs(edge-services): reference Serverless Containers behind Edge Serv… (#6666)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/edge-services/reference-content/understanding-multi-backend.mdx

<Lightbox image={edgeSingleBackend} alt="A diagram shows HTTP requests flowing through an Edge Services pipeline and passing through the following stages in order: DNS, TLS, Cache, WAF, and Backend." />

> Now, each pipeline can support **multiple backends**. These can be Load Balancers, Object Storage buckets, or a mixture of both. [Serverless Containers and Serverless Functions](/serverless-containers/how-to/deploy-container-behind-edge-services/) are also available as backend types via the API, CLI, SDK, and Terraform (this feature is not available in the Scaleway console). More backend types will be coming soon. To ensure that traffic reaches the correct background, create **routing rules**. These rules define filters for URL path and/or HTTP method, and route matching requests towards a specified backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each pipeline can now support multiple backends — Load Balancers, Object Storage buckets, or a combination of the two. [Serverless Containers and Serverless Functions](/serverless-containers/how-to/deploy-container-behind-edge-services/) are also supported as backend types, but only via the API, CLI, SDK, and Terraform (not yet available in the Scaleway console). Additional backend types are planned for future releases.

To make sure traffic reaches the right backend, you can define routing rules. Each rule specifies filters based on URL path and/or HTTP method, and routes any matching requests to the backend you specify:
```
